Okay,
guys.
And welcome back.
And in this short lecture,
we're gonna have a look at probably one of the most important things you're ever gonna do
in your code in Korea On that is learning how to protect your code.
So imagine you've created a masterpiece of programming.
But anyone who knows almost anything about Excel can just come to your excel file hits
alternate 11 get straightened your code on break it.
So we're gonna prevent them from doing that.
So what we're gonna do is we're gonna come up to the tools menu on from the tools menu.
We're going to choose VB a project Properties on this little window is gonna pop up here.
Now,
ignore the first half of the general tab.
What we're gonna look at is this one the protection tab on what you want to do or what you
may want to do is look project for viewing on.
But that's going to do is stop people seeing your code.
So I'm just going to type the password in here.
I'm just typing Hello on.
Hopefully if I forget that I can watch this video back in America,
get back into my coat,
so it's gonna click.
Okay,
I'm gonna close that.
I'm gonna hit,
save,
and I'm gonna close this.
Now I'm gonna go and open up my macro book,
and here we go.
Enable the content on.
I'm gonna turn off that warning about updating alone genitals in f 11 and you can see this
is the V b E.
As it stands now,
if I hit the plus,
it's going to say,
what is the password?
Luckily,
I remember it's hello.
So his skin type in the password and click.
OK,
and then here I am back to where we were just a second ago.
So I if it's if it's a sensitive piece of code or if it's a really important piece of code
,
strongly suggests that you password protected.
Ah,
Word of warning.
There is almost no getting around a forgotten password,
so make sure you keep a note of it somewhere securely.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture.
We're gonna have a look at objects,
methods and properties.
I'll see you in the next lecture